README.md, before:

# Interactive Breathing
## Inspired by WHM Bubble Breathing which unfortunately changed to subscription only.
- @WimHof: "I am a huge fan of yours and I love what you're doing man! I passed the 30 days challenge and believe everyone should chip in to help your cause but I had to make an accessible alternative to your breathing bubble... no hard feelings!"
- @all: "[Visit Wim\'s Website to learn more and support his mission!](https://www.wimhofmethod.com/breathing-techniques)"
- Note: The ignorant work for their own profit, Arjuna; the wise work for the welfare of the world, without thought for themselves.

[<img align="center" src="https://weedshaker.github.io/InteractiveBreathing/img/icon_192x192.png">](https://weedshaker.github.io/InteractiveBreathing/index.html "Click and start breathing Bro!") \
[👆 Click and start breathing Bro! 😎🤙](https://weedshaker.github.io/InteractiveBreathing/index.html)

Maybe TODO's:
- Service Worker Notification https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/NotificationEvent/action
- Exchange Result times between devices
- Add Retention Time background sounds

*Interactive Breathing is released under GPL-3.0 License . Copyright (c) the Universe.*

Commit message:

tom kenyon agreement to use his music

README.md, after:

# Interactive Breathing
## Inspired by WHM Bubble Breathing which unfortunately changed to subscription only.
- @WimHof: "I am a huge fan of yours and I love what you're doing man! I passed the 30 days challenge and believe everyone should chip in to help your cause but I had to make an accessible alternative to your breathing bubble... no hard feelings!"
- @all: "[Visit Wim\'s Website to learn more and support his mission!](https://www.wimhofmethod.com/breathing-techniques)"
- Music Credits, @ the result overview page, go to [Tom Kenyon - Flower of Life/Tree of Life Sound Meditation](https://www.tomkenyon.com); "Thank you Tom for supplying this mystical music 🙏"
- Note: The ignorant work for their own profit, Arjuna; the wise work for the welfare of the world, without thought for themselves.

[<img align="center" src="https://weedshaker.github.io/InteractiveBreathing/img/icon_192x192.png">](https://weedshaker.github.io/InteractiveBreathing/index.html "Click and start breathing Bro!") \
[👆 Click and start breathing Bro! 😎🤙](https://weedshaker.github.io/InteractiveBreathing/index.html)

Maybe TODO's:
- Service Worker Notification https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/NotificationEvent/action
- Exchange Result times between devices
- Add Retention Time background sounds

*Interactive Breathing is released under GPL-3.0 License . Copyright (c) the Universe.*
